Update Element Templates Docs + Bump Deps (#2177)
camunda/camunda-modeler: docs/element-templates/README.md

* `appliesTo : Array<String>`: List of BPMN types the template can be applied to.
* `properties : Array<Object>`: List of properties of the template.

### JSON Schema Compatibility

> The application uses the `$schema` property to ensure compatibility for a given element template. The current supported [Camunda Element Templates JSON Schema version](https://github.com/camunda/element-templates-json-schema) is `v0.3`. Element Templates defining a `$schema` version higher than supported will be ignored. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application uses the `$schema` property to ensure compatibility for a given element template. The currently supported [Camunda Element Templates JSON Schema version](https://github.com/camunda/element-templates-json-schema) is `v0.3`. Element Templates defining a higher `$schema` version will be ignored (still, a warning message will be logged). 
```

For example, given the following `$schema` definition, the application takes `0.2.0` as the JSON Schema version of the element template.

```json
"$schema": "https://unpkg.com/@camunda/element-templates-json-schema@0.2.0/resources/schema.json"
```

> The JSON Schema versioning is backward-compatible, meaning that all versions below are still accepted. In case no `$schema` is defined, we will assume the latest JSON Schema version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON Schema versioning is backwards-compatible, meaning that all versions including or below the current one are supported. In case no `$schema` is defined, the Camunda Modeler assumes the latest JSON Schema version.
```

Author: Grammarly says "backward-compatible" is correct ✏️

The following ways exist to map a custom field to the underlying BPMN 2.0 XML. The _"mapping result"_ in the following section will use `[userInput]` to indicate where the input provided by the user in the `Properties Panel` is set in the BPMN XML. As default or if no user input was given, the value specified in `value` will be displayed and used for `[userInput]`. `[]` brackets will be used to indicate where the parameters are mapped to in the XML.

> Notice that adherence to the following configuration options is enforced by design.

Reviewer: Might add: 
```If not adhering, a validation error will be logged and the respective element template will be ignored.```

    "bpmn:Task"
  ],
  "properties": [],

>   "scopes": [

Author: I decided to simply showcase the new style via arrays. If you think we should add the old way and say we still support it in some cases, I'd fine.

Reviewer: :+1:
